It is estimated that only 22% of American adults participate in regular, sustained physical activity for at least 30 minutes 5 times a week
On average, it takes about 12 weeks after beginning to exercise to see measurable changes in your body.
Approximately 25% of American adults are sedentary
There is a plant based supplement, rhodiola rosea, that can naturally combat and alleviate whatever stress response (anxiety, fatigue, stress, etc) your body is under (learn more about rhodiola here).
No matter how poor your current level of fitness, you can start an exercise routine and become fitter and healthier at anytime.
Walking at a fast pace burns almost as many calories as jogging for the same distance.
The word ‘gymnasium’ comes from the Greek word “gymnazein”, which literally means “to exercise naked.”
It is scientifically suggested that walking at a fast pace for 3 hours or more at least one time a week can reduce your risk for heart disease by up to 65%.
Just adding any type of movement into your daily routine can increase your level of overall health and wellbeing.
Strength training involves training both the muscles and the nervous system. Together, they make what is called the “neuromuscular system.”
Men who workout with a female partner are shown to lift heavier weights and get better results.
Wearing steel toe boots will burn more calories than normal shoes.
To lose one pound of fat, a person has to burn roughly 3,500 calories.
When the body is at rest, it takes in about 10 litres of air per minute.
There are over 640 muscles in your body.
Muscle is about three times more efficient at burning calories than fat, even when at rest.
You should always breathe correctly when exercising. It is said that underwater swimming is the only time you should hold your breath during physical activity.
Since your brain is distracted by what you are hearing when you listen to music, you don’t concentrate on what you are lifting. This causes you to lift more weight.
Exercise is more effective at increasing your energy levels than caffeine.
If you're always in a bad mood, then getting fit just may help. Regular exercise can enhance mood and overall well-being.
Regular exercise is linked to better sex, because it can improve body image, energy, self-esteem and overall fitness.
In spite of what you may have read, there is no "best time to exercise." It turns out that the best time to exercise is when it works for you.
Regular exercise can reduce the signs and symptoms of PMS.
Frequently running long distances may actually encourage your body to hold onto excess weight. The more you train to run long distances, the more efficient your body becomes at doing this, so you end up burning less energy when you're running.
By the time you have reached 50 years of age, you will have walked approximately 75,000 miles.
You can judge whether you are exercising at too high of an intensity by seeing if you can speak a few words without needing to take a breath. If you can't, you may want to back off the intensity just a little until you can.
Too much cardio can actually prevent fat loss because your body will actually burn muscle for fuel.
No wonder your feet hurt - running puts three to four times your body weight in pressure on your feet.
Dancing is a terrific and fun form of exercise that can improve cardiovascular fitness just like any other more formal type of exercise.
Some key factors that determine whether or not you will stick to your exercise routine include having support and accountability, setting a goal that is realistic, and not pushing yourself too fast. If you push yourself harder than you are ready for, or set an unrealistic goal, you will get frustrated and burn out. Your recipe for fitness success just may be keeping careful track of your progress - such as going from being able to run a quarter mile without stopping to a half mile - while working out with a friend.
Being dehydrated reduces exercise performance. Make sure you hydrate for peak performance during a workout.
Visualization can help to improve your workout. By visualizing yourself completing the exercise before you actually perform it, then you will be able to perform the exercise with more intensity and effectiveness.
Don't work out on an empty stomach! If you run out of energy during your workout, your body will start burning your muscle tissue, not your stored body fat.
You can increase your strength faster by spending more time on the eccentric part of lifting weights - the part of the lift where your muscles lengthen instead of shorten (such as bringing the barbell up in a bicep curl, or lowering yourself into the bottom of a squat).
If you are not a regular exerciser, by the time you are 65 you may experience as much as an 80% decrease in your muscle strength.
Add strength training to your cardio to speed up fat loss - cardio alone can actually burn muscle tissue, and you need muscle tissue to burn fat even while you're at rest.
People who cross-train with a variety of exercise are more fit and less injury-prone than those who exercise using only one or two exercise modalities.
