Sean Connery wore a wig in every single one of his Bond performances.
Star Wars was originally prefixed by the definite article ‘The’.
The original raw footage of Apocalypse Now consisted of 1,250,000 feet of film which is over 230 hours’ worth.
Walt Disney refused to allow Alfred Hitchcock to film at Disneyland in the early 1960s because he had made “that disgusting movie Psycho.”
Alfred Hitchcock’s, Psycho (1960) was the first American film ever to show a flushing toilet.
For Dr. Strangelove, Peter Sellers was paid $1 million, 55 percent of the film’s budget.
There is a sound effect called the Wilhelm Scream that has been used in over 200 movies and TV shows since 1951.
Django Unchained is the first time in 16 years that Leonardo DiCaprio didn’t get the top billing.
Samuel L. Jackson used the word mother-fucker to overcome his stammer/stutter.
Jim Caviezel was struck by lightening while he was on the cross in, Passion of the Christ.
Michael Myers mask in Halloween is just a Captain Kirk mask altered slightly and painted white.
The director of Cannibal Holocaust had to prove in court that the actors were still alive and didn’t get killed during the movie
Courtney Love insists that the role of the drug dealer, Lance, in Pulp Fiction was offered to Kurt Cobain.
The carpet in The Shining and the second floor of Sid’s house in Toy Story are almost identical.
Ryan Gosling was cast as Noah in The Notebook because the director wanted someone “not handsome.”
Drive director Nicolas Winding Refn failed his driving test eight times.
Barbie in Toy Story is voiced by Jodi Benson, best known for her role as Ariel in The Little Mermaid.
Pornstar Asia Carrera plays the flatmate of Tara Reid in Logjammin’, the film within the film in The Big Lebowski.
Sigourney Weaver actually made that ‘impossible’ basketball shot in, Aliens: Resurrection.
Fox passed on The Watchmen because they thought the script was “one of the most unintelligible pieces of shit they had read in years.
The original cut of The Wolf of Wallstreet had over four hours worth of content so had to be cut further.
Mark Wahlberg and Matt Damon agree that if they’re ever confused for one another, they will just go along with it.
Sam Raimi has a lucky car that is in all of his films, including his pre-automobile western, The Quick and the Dead.
Morgan Freeman’s line, in Shawshank Redemption “Maybe it’s ’cause I’m an Irish” is not a joke. In the novel ‘Red’ really is Irish.
Viggo Mortensen had no intention of working on The Lord of the Rings until his son begged him to do it.
Pierce Brosnan was contractually forbidden from wearing a full tuxedo in any non-James Bond movie from 1995-2002.
The ornaments that Marv steps on in Home Alone are actually candy
In Ferris Bueller’s Day Off, Charlie Sheen stayed awake for 48 hours to achieve a suitably wasted look for his cameo.
Fantasia (1940) was originally a short called The Sorcerers Apprentice, but Walt Disney overspent on the score and decided to make it feature length film rather than waste money.
Sean Connery turned down roles in The Matrix, The Lord of the Rings, Jurassic Park, Indiana Jones 4 and Blade Runner.
Dan Aykroyd’s first script for Ghostbusters was set in the future and Ghostbusters were completely normal, like paramedics and firemen.
Within’ three days, The Hunger Games became the highest grossing film for Lionsgate Movies.
In an alternate ending for Alien: Resurrection, Ripley finally makes it back to earth.
To thank Robin Williams for his work on Aladdin, Disney sent him a late Pablo Picasso painting.
Darth Vader only has 12 minutes of screen time in the original Star Wars.
In Raiders of the Lost Ark, when Indy shoots the Arab swordsman, he was originally meant to fight him, but Harrison Ford was too ill to fight ‘properly.’
Saw was filmed in 18 days
Carrie Fisher never wore a bra with this costume.
The charcoal drawing of Kate Winslet in James Cameron’s, Titanic was actually drawn by James Cameron.
In Harry Potter, Alan Rickman was the only person other than J.K. Rowling to know Snape was defending harry because he was in love with Lily Potter to make his performance genuine.
When Edward Norton first fights Brad Pitt in Fight Club, he was asked to actually hit Pitt. Pitts reaction is genuine and Norton was trying to stop himself from laughing during the scene.
Heath Ledger almost broke Jake Gyllenhaal’s nose by grabbing his head and kissing him too hard in Brokeback Mountain.
The scene with Jenny on the ground outside her house in Forrest Gump is similar to painting, Christina’s World.
Ridley Scott used The Who’s blue laser lighting to light the Alien egg chamber because they were in the next studio. Ingenuity +1
Pixar’s, UP was the first ever animated film and 3D film to open the Cannes Film Festival.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King won all 11 Academy Awards it was nominated for.
Fritz Lang’s, Metropolis (1927) was reportedly one of Adolf Hitler’s favourite films.
William Goldman’s original script title for Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid was The Sundance Kid and Butch Cassidy. The names were reversed when Paul Newman took on the role of Butch
When Harry Met Sally: Meg Ryan laughed at the Pecan Pie improv and looked at the director who told her to keep going.
Peter O’Toole was nominated for eight performance Oscars and didn’t win a single one.
When filming My Left Foot, Daniel Day-Lewis had to be lifted around the set and spoon fed as he would never leave his wheelchair.
David Patrick Kelly’s infamous “Warriors, come out to play” line in The Warriors (1979) was completely improvised.
Sharlto Copley had not acted professionally before District 9 and had no intention of pursuing acting.
Each frame of the CGI scenes in James Cameron’s, Avatar (1/24 of a second) took an average of 47 hours to render.
Spirited Away is the only non-western animated film to win an Academy Award for best animated feature.
28 Days Later was filmed on a Canon XL-1 DV camera using mini-DV tapes instead of 35mm film.
The word “Nigger” is said exactly 113 times in Quentin Tarantino’s, Django Unchained.
Paranormal Activity cost $15000 to make and has grossed $210 million so far.
Danny Dyer has only ever starred in British made films.
The ‘Bong’ sound/musical cue in Inception is actually the song Non, Je Ne Regrette Rien by Edith Piaf slowed down.
The Shawshank Redemption, #1 on imdb was the 51st highest grossing film in 94′, way behind Street Fighter (1994).
Michael Fassbender is to produce and star in an Assassin’s Creed movie.
After a slew of drug related offences, Robert Downey Jr. was a semi-blacklisted celebrity until Kiss Kiss Bang Bang reignited his career
Quentin Tarentino was originally going to use the song Wise Man by Frank Ocean in Django Unchained but chose not to
The childish snickering during The Usual Suspects iconic line-up was genuine, caused by Benicio Del Toro’s persistent flatulence.
Hasbro denied Pixar the use of GI Joe in Toy Story when found that the GI Joe doll was going to be blown up by Sid.
C.S. Lewis reviewed The Hobbit in 1937 saying, ” The Hobbit may well prove a classic.”
The floating pen in Kubricks 2001: A Space Odyssey wasn’t done with CGI, but camera trickery using glass and tape.
Orson Welles (Citizen Kane) voiced Unicron in The Transformers Movie (1986), his penultimate film role.
Bryan Cranston (Breaking Bad) played a minor role in Spielbergs 1998, Saving Private Ryan.
Ron Jeremy, the pornstar was an extra in Ghostbusters.
In 2002, Steven Spielberg finally finished college after a 33-year hiatus. He turned in Schindler’s List for his student film requirement.
On the set of one of the Pirates of the Carribbean films, Johnny Depp spent £40,000 on 500 coats for the cast and crew.
On the set of 1982′s The Thing, the whole cast and crew was male.
On the first day of filming the exorcism sequence in The Exorcist , Linda Blair’s delivery of her foul-mouthed dialogue so disturbed the gentlemanly Max von Sydow forgot his lines.
In Iron Man/Avengers, J.A.R.V.I.S is an acronym for “Just A Rather Very Intelligent System.”
Peter Ostrum, Charlie from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, never acted in another movie after that and is now a veterinarian.
