Deer can’t eat hay.
It’s against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
The word “samba” means “to rub navels together.”
The strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.
The mask used by Michael Myers in the original film “Halloween” was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
You can tell the sex of a horse by its teeth. Most males have 40, females have 36.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they can be easily confused at a crime scene.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain.
When you tie a noose, the rope is wrapped twelve times around because it’s the same length as a persons head.
‘Obsession’ is the most popular boat name.
Porcupines float in water.
Most toilets flush in E flat.
There are 1,575 steps from the ground floor to the top of the Empire State building.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
In 1778, fashionable women of Paris never went out in blustery weather without a lightning rod attached to their hats.
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army. G.P. for ‘General Purpose’ vehicle.
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
Meteorologists claim they’re right 85% of the time (think about that one!)
The praying mantis is the only insect that can turn its head
Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order, as does arsenious, meaning “containing arsenic.”  
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger that it’s brain.
Over 75% of people who read this will try to lick their elbow.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
In 1386, a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child
Outside the USA, Ireland is the largest software producing country in the world.
One quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet!
A cat’s jaw cannot move sideways.
70% of all boats sold are used for fishing.
A duck’s quack doesn’t echo, and no one knows why.
Ethernet is a registered trademark of Xerox, Unix is a registered trademark of AT&T.
The city with the most Roll Royces per capita: Hong Kong
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.
First novel ever written on a typewriter: Tom Sawyer
A piece of paper can be folded no more then 9 times.
Barbie’s measurements, if she were life-size, would be 39-29-33.
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
People say “Bless you” when you sneeze because when you sneeze,your heart stops for a mili-second.
A crocodile can’t move its tongue and cannot chew. Its digestive juices are so strong that it can digest a steel nail.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Einstein couldn’t speak fluently until after his ninth birthday. His parents thought he was mentally retarded.
One-fourth of the world’s population lives on less than $200 a year.  Ninety million people survive on less than $75 a year.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Daylight Saving Time is not observed in most of the state of Arizona and parts of Indiana.
Most Egyptians died by the time they were 30 about 300 years ago,
In Cleveland, Ohio, it’s illegal to catch mice without a hunting license.
Honey is the only food which does not spoil.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
Hydrogen gas is the least dense substance in the world, at 0.08988g/cc.  Hydrogen solid is the most dense substance in the world, at 70.6g/cc.
When possums are playing ‘possum’, they are not “playing.” They actually pass out from sheer terror.
Sound travels 15 times faster through steel than through the air.
The world’s youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you will have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
If a rooster can’t fully extend its neck, it can’t crow.
The Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses.  No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.
In the White House, there are 13,092 knives, forks and spoons!
The three most recognized Western names in China are Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, & Elvis Presley.
In The Empire Strikes Back there is a potato hidden in the asteroid field
Einstein couldn’t speak fluently when he was nine. His parents thought he might be retarded.
Polar bears are left handed.
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine
Napoleon’s penis was sold to an American Urologist for $40,000.
Starfish haven’t got brains.
The Black Widow spider eats her mate during or after sex.
40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year.
5,840 people with pillow related injuries checked into U.S. emergency rooms in 1992.
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
If NASA sent birds into space they would soon die; they need gravity to swallow.
Conception occurs most in the month of December.
Coca-Cola was originally green.
The amount of computer Memory required to run WordPerfect for Win95 is 8 times the amount needed aboard the space shuttle.
On average, people fear spiders more than they do death.
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the “American Pie.” (Thus the name of the Don McLean song.)
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching TV.
Van Gogh only sold one painting when he was alive.
Thirty-five percent of people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
If you farted consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb.
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
The first contraceptive was crocodile dung used by the ancient Egyptians.
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand while drawing with the other
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache.
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
Of all the words in the English language, the word ’set’ has the most definitions!
Ostriches are often not taken seriously. They can run faster than horses, and the males can roar like lions.
The average person will accidentally eat just under a pound of insects every year.
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr.
On average, dogs have better eyesight than humans, although not as colorful.
The “save” icon on Microsoft Word shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.
You can’t kill yourself by holding your breath.  
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
The male gypsy moth can “smell” the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away.  
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
No one really knows when donuts were invented or who invented them.
Apples, potatoes, and onions all taste the same when eaten with your nose plugged.
When an egg floats in water, it is “off” and should not be eaten.
The consumption of natural vanilla causes the body to release catecholamines (including adrenalin) – for this reason it is considered to be mildly addictive.
Banana trees are not actually trees – they are giant herbs.
Ketchup was originally a fish sauce originating in the orient
7-Up – invented in 1920 contained Lithium – the drug commonly prescribed now to sufferers of bi-polar disorder.
In Tibet, a common drink is butter tea – it is made from yak butter, salt, and tea.
Nutritious food costs 10 times as much as junk food.
Grocers don’t have to tell you where your salad comes from.
Chicken today contains 266 percent more fat than it did 40 years ago.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying!
Smelling bananas and/or green apples (smelling, not eating) can help you lose weight!
Eating lemons make you live longer.
Eating one meal of fish a week reduces your chances of getting a heart attack by 50%.
The first meal on the moon was roast turkey, eaten by Niel Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin.
A typical banana travels 4,000 miles before being eaten.
Coffee is the world’s most recognizable smell.
Carrots have zero fat content.
When honey is swallowed, it enters the blood stream within a period of 20 minutes.
Coconut water can be used in an emergency as a substitute for blood plasma.
Orange Juice naturally contains a small amount of alcohol.
Eggs contain most of the recognised vitamins with the exception of vitamin C.
Lemons contain more sugar than strawberries
Strawberries are the only fruit which has its seeds on its outer skin.
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave. You have been warned!
Apples, potatoes, and onions all taste the same when eaten with your nose plugged.
There are more than 7,000 varieties of apples grown in the world.
Peanuts can be used for a component to make Dynamite.
Chocolate can kill dogs; it directly affects their heart and nervous system.
A watermelon is over 92% water by weight.
Lettuce is a member of the sunflower family.
Darker Green lettuce leaves are more nutritious than lighter green leaves.
Americans eat about 30 pounds of lettuce every year. That’s about five times more than what we ate in the early 1900s.
In the United States, lettuce is the second most popular fresh vegetable.
Almost all lettuce is packed right in the field.
About 25% of all iceberg lettuce is made into fresh cut salads.
There are over 500 different types of bananas. That means if you ate a different kind of banana everyday, it would take almost a year and a half to eat every one!
The banana plant can grow as high as 20 feet tall. That’s as big as a two-story house!
Bananas are about 99.5% fat free.
Bananas are a great source of potassium. Potassium helps build muscle power and keeps your body fluids in balance.
Banana’s are most likely the first fruit ever to be grown on a farm.
Every time you lick a stamp, you’re consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks otherwise it will digest itself
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
Honey is the only food that doesn’t spoil.
If you put a raisin in a glass of champagne, it will keep floating to the top and sinking to the bottom.
Coca Cola was originally green.
40% of McDonald’s profits come from the sales of Happy Meals.
Every person has a unique tongue print.
Golf the only sport played on the moon – on 6 February 1971 Alan Shepard hit a golf ball.
The first World Series was played between Pittsburgh and Boston in 1903 and was a nine-game series. Boston won the series 5-3.
About 42,000 tennis balls are used in the plus-minus 650 matches in the Wimbledon Championship.
The first puck ever used in a hovkey game was a frozen piece of cow crap.
The New York Yankees have won 26 World Series titles, which is more than any other team.
Fishing is the biggest participant sport in the world.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year’s supply of footballs.
Shaquille O’Neal wears size 22 shoes. He puts on a brand new pair before every game.
Baltimore Orioles shortstop Cal Ripken, Jr. didn’t miss a game in 16 years. He played in 2,632 consecutive games from April 30, 1982 to Sept. 19, 1998.
Before 1859, umpires sat in a padded rocking chair behind the catcher
More than 1,800 medals are awarded at the Olympics.
Soccer is the most attended or watched sport in the world.
The Boston Celtics have won the most NBA championships (17), including seven straight from 1960 to 1966.
Pittsburgh is the only U.S. city with 3 sports teams that wear the same colors.
Average lifespan of a major league baseball: 5 pitches.
Boxing became a legal sport in 1901.
Babe Ruth wore a cabbage leaf under his cap to keep him cool! He changed it every 2 innings!
The record for the most major league baseball career innings is held by Cy Young, with 7,356 innings.
Archery is the national sport in Bhutan,a Buddhist country in Asia.
The fastest serve in a game of tennis was in 1963 by Michael Sangster. It was clocked at 154 mile per hour.
South Korea is the birthplace of taekwondo, an olympic sport since 2000.
Before the turn of the century, prize fighters fought bare fisted. Matches sometimes lasted more than one hundred rounds and were counted by knock outs.
The oldest continuous trophy in sports is the America’s Cup. It started in 1851, with Americans winning for a straight 132 years until Australia took the Cup in 1983.
Pitcher Nolan Ryan played 27 seasons in major league baseball and struck out more batters in his career than any other pitcher
To wear a “visor” on your helmet in the NFL, you have to have a doctors note. Almost all the visors in the NFL are prescription.
If a horse wins a race “hands down” it means the jockey never raised his whip during the race.
Sports command the biggest television audiences, led by the summer Olympics, World Cup Football and Formula One racing.
Golf balls can reach speeds of 170 miles an hour.
Although 24 out of the 30 current National Hockey League teams are located in the United States, all NHL jerseys are manufactured in Canada.
Korfball is the only sport played with mixed teams, consisting of 4 men and 4 women.
Official baseball rules state that an umpire may not be replaced during a game except if he becomes ill, injured, or if he dies.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, who played 20 seasons in the NBA, holds the record for most points scored in a career with 38,387.
The Chicago Bulls have won all six NBA Finals in which they’ve appeared.
Approximately one out of four injuries by athletes involve the wrist and hand.
In bowling, three strikes in a row was called a turkey. The term originated in the 1800s when at holiday time, the first member of a team to score three strikes in a row won a free turkey.
The national sport of Japan is sumo wrestling.
In the 1930′s, American track star Jesse Owens used to race against horses and dogs to earn a living.
On average, it is estimated that females injure themselves ten times more than males do while playing sports
On March 2, 1962, Philadelphia center Wilt Chamberlain scored 100 points in one game against New York. That is the most one player has ever scored in one game.
Wild Bill Hickok was killed playing poker, holding two pairs – aces and eights, which has become known as ‘Dead Man’s Hand.
Morihei Ueshiba, founder of Aikido, once pinned an opponent using only a single finger.
Billiards used to be so popular at one time that cigarette cards were issued featuring players.
Gold medals haven’t been pure gold in 96 years. The 1912 Olympics was the last time that gold medals were solid gold. Ever since, they’ve been silver with gold plating.
During the hundred days of the opening games at the Colosseum in Rome, in 80 A.D., over 5,000 animals were killed, including elephants, tigers, lions, elks, hyenas, hippopotamuses, and giraffes.
A perfect game in baseball is one in which the same player pitches the entire game without allowing any player of the opposing team to reach first base
Kite flying is a professional sport in Thailand.
The sport Lacrosse was initially played by Native American Indians. They played the sport to prepare for war.
The Ouija board is named for the French and German words for yes – oui and ja.
The San Diego Chargers of the NFL are named after a credit card.
Golfers use an estimated $800 million worth of golf balls annually.
Gymnasiums were introduced in 900BC and Greek athletes practised in the nude to the accompaniment of music. They also performed naked at the Olympic Games.
The velocity of a pitched baseball is about 8 mph faster as it leaves the pitcher’s hand than when it reaches home plate.
In 1905, 18 men died from injuries sustained on the football field. President Theodore Roosevelt stepped in and instituted safety measures to make the game safer.
There are 318,979,564,000 ways of playing the first four turns in a game of chess. There are 169,518,829,100,544,000,000,000,000,000 ways of playing the first ten turns of a game of chess.
If the air conditioning at the Astrodome in Houston were turned off, it would rain inside the stadium due to the entrance of humid air.
The first professional football team to sport an insignia on their helmets was the Los Angeles Rams in 1950, who hand painted yellow horns on their blue leather helmets.
The distance between the pitcher’s rubber and home plate in baseball is 60 feet, 6 inches
The first modern Olympic Games were held in Athens, Greece in 1896. There were 311 male but no female competitors.
The first players elected to Baseball Hall of Fame were Ty Cobb, Babe Ruth, Honus Wagner, Christy Mathewson & Walter Johnson in 1936
