Soccer players run an average of six miles during every game.
Soccer is the most popular sport in the world.
Over one billion fans watch World Cup Soccer on television.
The circumference of a soccer ball is 27-28 inches.
Soccer is the fastest growing youth sport in the U.S.
Every year except for two (1930 and 1950) European Teams have reached every World Cup final.
India withdrew form the World Cup in 1950 because they weren’t allowed to play barefoot.
Soccer facts reveal that only the United States and Canada actually call soccer “soccer.” 
Over 40 million watched on television as the U.S. Women’s Team won the World Cup in 1999. 
Also in 1999, Over 35,000 fans competed in the largest soccer tournament ever in Bangkok.
Soccer goalies have to wear different color clothing than other team members.
There are 1000 activity changes in every soccer match.
The most popular zone defense is 4-4-2.
The first soccer games may have originated in China.
The first black soccer player was Arthur Wharton in the 1800s.
Historical Soccer facts indicate The World's First Football Club was the English  Sheffield Football Club,  founded in 1857 by Colonel Nathaniel Cresswick and Major William Priest, two British Army officers.
Pele was the first to call soccer “the beautiful game.”
The Soccer World Cup is played every four years.
The fewest number of fans to watch a World Cup soccer game was the 300 in Uruguay in 1930.
The most soccer fans to watch a World Cup soccer games were 119,850 in Brazil in 1950.
The very first game of basketball was played with a soccer ball.
The most World Cups have been won by Brazil--5.
FIFA World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament in the world followed by billions of people all around the world on TV. World Cup presents an opportunity for players to showcase their skills as countries compete against each other to decide which country is the best.
FIFA World Cup is played every 4 years in a different country where countries compete against each other for the title of that years Champion.
Interesting fact about soccer World Cup is that after the tournament is played there is always big money spent on transfers because the participating players are being watched by every soccer scout in the world.
2002 World Cup was held by two different countries for the first time in the history of world cup. This world cup was played in Seoul, South Korea as well as Tokyo, Japan.
Oliver Kahn, goalkeeper of Germany was the first goalkeeper ever to win the Most Valuable Player of the World Cup making it an interesting fact about soccer goalkeepers.
Soccer fun facts continues with a fact that soccer is actually called Football in most countries other than United States and very few others.
"PELE" is a name recognized all around the world and associated with the greatest soccer player that ever lived. Funny soccer fact is that Pele's real name is Edson Arantes do Nascimento, which is not nearly as famous and world known like PELE.
Oldest organized tournament in the world is the English FA Cup. FA Cup was first held in 1871 and during this competition all the teams from all of English professional leagues competed against each other for the title of that years FA Cup Champion.
FA Cup stands for Football Association Challenge Cup.
Fun fact about soccer is that Martinho Eduardo Orige of Brazil holds the record for juggling the soccer ball for 19 hours and 30 minutes without letting the ball drop to the ground.
Funny soccer fact that happened during the 1950 World Cup is when India wanted to compete in this tournament barefoot. India withdrew from this years World Cup because FIFA would not let them play barefoot.
Only American and Canadian people call the sport “soccer”, it’s called football elsewhere around the earth, many people know this but did you know the sport is called “basket-ball” at first, the weird name is given because the first goals were overturned wicker baskets.
At the early stage of this sport, it was successfully developed by a group of prisoner in the famous Newgate Prison at London in the 1800′s. The group of prisoners were all thieves and they couldn’t play other games, because at that time people would cut off the hands of thieves. So the early version soccer was developed by some handless thieves.
Soccer is the most popular/watched/played sport all over the world. More than billion people will watch the World Cup on television. World Cup is the biggest soccer tournament with different national team attended.
Soccer is very popular in many 3rd World countries because it’s very cheap, kids will make soccer balls from diapers or rags themselves and use two bricks as the goals, they can’t afford the sporting facilities but they can enjoy the soccer pleasure without any cost.
Are soccer balls sphere? No, it’s a visual illusion created by the perfect checkered pattern, they are slightly oval-shaped in fact.
You can’t imagine how terrible the economy was, at first the World Cup trophy was made from paper, people had to replace it after it was destroyed by a heavy rain in 1950. Now the trophy is made of 4.97kg pure gold.
Maybe this fact is more terrible, before 1908, most soccer balls were made from human inflated stomach, taken from the Irish prisoners who had been executed. How poor people were in the past?
This fact is very sad, soccer match will be canceled during the lighting storm. In 1998, a bolt stroke and killed the whole team of Democratic Republic of Congo, 11 players died.
In 1950 World Cup, India team wanted to play soccer barefoot, FIFA refused the request so they were angry and quit the tournament.
When Dr James invented basketball there was no “basketball”, so they played a soccer ball in the first basketball game.
Soccer was considered an illegal sport in Mississippi until 1991.
The final of the 1950 World Cup between Uruguay and Brazil has the most live audiences, it attracted 173,000 people to the Maracanã Stadium(biggest soccer stadium at that time).
In one match between Real Madrid and Barcelona in 2013, the 22 players on the field valued £417 million, it was the most expensive game.
When Queen Elizabeth II was young in late 1930s, she usually dressed in disguise and participated in soccer matches.
It cost USA  $30 million to host the World Cup in 1994 while it will cost  Brazil $14 billion to host this game this summer, which brought a lot of disputes.
Soccer fans are very excited in Latin American. A Colombian soccer, Andres Escobar was killed for scoring an ‘own goal’ in the match between the US and Colombia in the 1994 World Cup.
American soccer star Abby Wambach was transferred to the boys team after she scored 29 goals in 3 games, this happened in her childhood.
Sean Connery once received a soccer contact from Manchester United, but he chose to be an actor.
The highest scoring official soccer game was 149-0 in Madagascar,  this match occurred in 2002, it was a form of protest.
Greenland can’t join FIFA because there isn’t enough grass growing there.
When Pele came to Nigerian to play an exhibition game in 1967, the the two sides involved of the Nigerian Civil War agreed to a 48-hour ceasefire. 
